    All players must have appropriate usernames that are not offensive.
    Your Minecraft skin must be appropriate for our community and are not offensive.
    Griefing is strictly prohibited and will result in a permanent ban.
    Going into another player’s base without permission is trespassing.
    Do not kill pets, animals, or any name-tagged mob of another player.
    Do not ask for free stuff or beg for items.
    Do not hack or cheat to gain an advantage that would not normally be available in regular gameplay.
    Do not build any type of farm with the purpose to overwhelm or cause a negative impact on the server.
    Modifications that control your player or automate actions are prohibited.
    If you disagree with another player or are uncomfortable with their messages, please notify a staff member.
    Please use English in public chat.
    Speaking other languages in the global chat except English is not allowed. 
    Harassing staff members or other players is not allowed.
    Impersonating staff members or other players is not allowed.
    Trading of any items for real-life money or form of currency is prohibited.
    Advertising of other servers in public and private chat is prohibited.
    Never share your account’s information with anyone.
    Use inappropriate language or creating inappropriate content is not allowed.
    Malicious threats of any kind towards other players are not permitted.
    Do not send any personal information without the owner’s consent.
    Do not attempt to use our server for the purpose of scamming other players.
    Any threat or attempt to DOX/DDoS/SWAT another player or server will result in a permanent ban.
    Do not send any link that is deemed inappropriate or malicious.
    Do not send the same message in quick succession in public chat.
    If you encounter any disrespectful players, please report them to a staff member.
    If you are not sure if something is against the rules, please ask a staff member.
    Profanity, racism, and discrimination are prohibited in public chat.
    Do not send spoilers in public chat.
    Any link that is deemed inappropriate or malicious is not allowed.
    Keep the chat civil and appropriate for everyone.
    Saying something to confuse or mislead other players is not allowed.
    Do not talk or joke about inappropriate subjects.
    Being rude or arguing with other players in a hostile manner is not allowed.
    Bypassing filtered words is prohibited.
    Continued unwanted behavior towards a player is not permitted.
    Being excessively rude or abusive towards another player is not allowed.
    Do not make any type of serious threat towards another player.
    Inappropriate builds are not allowed.
    Abusing a bug or a glitch in the server to gain an unfair advantage is prohibited.
    Using an alternate account to bypass a ban is not allowed.
    Do not use any form of automated programs or scripts.
    You are not allowed to advertise anything that is not related to the server.
    Lying to staff members is not allowed.
    You are not allowed to open a dispute on a store purchase or donation.
    Do not spam commands that negatively affect other players.
    Do not use items that are not typically obtainable in-game on any other server. 
    You cannot use alternate accounts to spam chat, commands, or other communication methods.​
    Doing anything considered to be illegal is not allowed on the server.
    Do not send links to any other Discord server in public chat.
    Discussing anything inappropriate in public chat is not allowed.
    Please replant trees whenever you destroy them.
    Crafting or using TNT in the server is not allowed.
    Stealing other player’s items is not allowed.
    Teleport trapping is prohibited.
    Cobble monstering to create large structures are not allowed.
     All clicks must be done manually (on a mouse) without rebinding.
    You are not allowed to share account information in chat.
    If you want to speak in a language other than English, please use private messaging.
    Do not repeatedly ask or beg for mod status.
    Do not encourage other players to break rules.
    If you notice any player violating a rule, please report it to a staff member.
    Do not spam teleport requests.
    Excessive Caps Lock in the chat is not allowed.
    Do not criticize the server or any players.
    Please build 100 blocks away from another player’s build.
    Do not place unwanted lava or water around the map.
    ot keep asking or begging for items or weapons.
    The use of stolen or hacked accounts is not permitted.
    Do not use any derogatory terms on the server.
    Any form of hate speech is prohibited.
    Be polite and show respect to each other.
    Drama, politics, and religion in the chat are prohibited.
    Do not use any fancy or glitchy characters in chat.
    Do not argue or harass staff members.
    Please keep the chat friendly for all ages.
    Do not loot another player’s death location.
    Do not modify other players’ builds without their consent.
    After you’ve harvested the crops of a farm, please replant them.

